remove reference to a client_id_scheme parameter (#123)
openid/oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-sd-jwt-vc-1_0.md

   * Response type MUST be `vp_token`.
   * Response mode MUST be `direct_post`. The Verifier MUST return `redirect_uri` in response to the HTTP POST request from the Wallet, where the Wallet redirects the User to, as defined in Section 6.2 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP]. Implementation considerations for the response mode `direct_post` are given in Section 11.5 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP].
   * Authorization Request MUST be sent using the `request_uri` parameter as defined in JWT-Secured Authorization Request (JAR) [@!RFC9101].

>    * client_id_scheme MUST be either `x509_san_dns` or `verifier_attestation`. The Wallet MUST support both. The Verifier MUST support at least one.

Reviewer: We should either keep the backticks or use the official phrase "Client Identifier Scheme" - probably the latter is better as `client_id_scheme` isn't entirely a defined thing anymore.

```suggestion
   *  Client Identifier Scheme MUST be either `x509_san_dns` or `verifier_attestation`. The Wallet MUST support both. The Verifier MUST support at least one.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we should introduce Client ID Scheme here - it is not mentioned/explained before.
```suggestion
   * The Client Identifier Scheme as introduced in Section 5.10 of [@!OIDF.OID4VP] MUST be either `x509_san_dns` or `verifier_attestation`. The Wallet MUST support both. The Verifier MUST support at least one.
```
